Aligned format of input/output description in documentation for models (#2248)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/public/efficientdet-d1-tf/efficientdet-d1-tf.md

## Use Case and High-Level Description

The `efficientdet-d1-tf` model is one of the [EfficientDet](https://arxiv.org/abs/1911.09070)
models  designed to perform object detection. This model was pre-trained in TensorFlow\*.

> All the EfficientDet models have been pre-trained on the MSCOCO\* image database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the EfficientDet models have been pre-trained on the Microsoft\* COCO image database.
```

Author: Updated
